get everybody else finally we can start
celebrating my I'm sorry
apparently I've opened the door to the
past okay Monica Mon okay what what you
just saw I asked you just a little
question huh why tonight
what see I've been waiting my whole life
to be engaged and unlike some people are
you only planning on doing this once so
I you know I made this a selfish and I'm
sorry about it but I was kind of hoping
tonight could just be about that oh
honey but it is your guy oh no now it's
about you and Ross getting back together
what the yeah um you kind of stole my
thunder okay hoho we do not steal your
thunder because we are not getting back
together ya know and and and you know
what nobody even saw yeah that's true I
swear we're just kids just a kid you
like kissed together can I sing at your
wedding
Thunder being stolen oh hey baby it's
nothing
look I just not make a big deal out of
it it was a one-time thing
it doesn't even matter oh my god I
cannot believe you guys are talking
about this the problems in the bedroom
of between a man and a woman
all right now Chandler is doing the best
he can
I don't think that's what they were
talking about Joe what a great night
Chandler can't do it these guys kissed
why'd you guys kiss this is you know and
it's really not huge and people thinking
it's huge has led Monica to believe that
we are stealing her thunder which we are
not well we're still talking about it
aren't we well yeah that and Chandler's
problem Mike Mike Mike Ron listen listen
listen listen would it make you feel
better if we all stopped talking about
Ross and Rachel yeah that would be
lovely
you got it okay now I can pass for 19
right yes you can pass for 19 really yes
seriously seriously seriously no okay
you can play your own age with just
thirty one huh I'm 30 no you're not
you're 31 oh crap okay so the plaza
okay I'll get us some mai tais maybe no
more for you though
I think that um I don't feel like one of
the plaza oh this is ridiculous I don't
want to talk about it I don't I don't
especially with you that is wack okay I
think I played at the wedding yeah well
we'll see if they actually let you play
huh I mean they tell you anything you
want to hear like like you look 19 and
then they just take it away like like no
you don't I don't think Monica's gonna
take this away wouldn't she would she
would she ha you ate my candy bar yes
whoo hey hey I just realized we kind of
left some stuff up in the air what do
you think Monica meant when she said I
don't want to talk especially with me I
mean why not especially you and me we
were both out there kissing still
thinking about it huh my sir I'm serious
seriously what did she mean by that
especially you who cares I care and so
do I
you know what III have to go talk to her
we would let me just get changed okay
sure am I going to let you watch me
undress No